So if we go back to the classroom now and we go in filtering with PCL,
we can find some documentation on using a voxel grid filter.
It's actually pretty straightforward to do this.
I think it looks like there's only four lines of code here,
where we're basically doing this PCL voxel grid.
We name it something, we tell it what kind of point cloud we're working with.
Well, back and point processor this would be that point t template,
and we'd give it our input cloud.
So that'll be one of the arguments inside this filter function and point processor.
Then, we set this leaf size.
So this is the cell that we're working with.
We're defining it as a cube.
So all three of these will be the same,
same length, width, and height for this cube.
This is also one of the arguments that's given in that filter function.
Then, we go ahead and apply the filtering on it.
So we go ahead and call that function.
We go ahead and we're creating this brand new point cloud.
Let's say it's called filter cloud.
Then, all the results are going to be stored in that cloud.
So if that cloud was a point,
we do reference it, and we set all that data inside there.
So cool, that's how we can use that voxel grid filter.
Then, so how about doing that region based?
So for doing the region based,
there's actually some good documentation for this PCL object called crop box,
and how this crop box works is,
you can initialize it.
So PCL crop box,
give it that point cloud type.
There'll be point t and name it something region of interest.
Then, you can actually give it some input cloud.
So in that case, it's the filter cloud after you've put it through the voxel grid filter.
Then, you set some parameters.
So you're setting a min and setting a max.
This is just defining the box region.
So think about it as some min points.
So X, Y, Z min point,
and then some max X, Y, Z point.
That will tell you the region of interests that you're working with.
This is actually defined as an Eigen::Vector4f.
So we actually look back in our code,
and we check out the point processor,
we go into filter cloud.
You'll notice that that's actually one of the arguments that we're working with.
This Eigen::Vector4f min point and max point.
So the first three of those values are X, Y, Z.
Then for that fourth value just leave that marked as 1.0.
So that's how you'd actually use that vector4f.
Going back into this documentation for the crop box.
So you set the min, you set the max,
you set your input cloud,
and then you go ahead and you perform the filtering on it.
So you call the filter function on it and then you can do the crop box transformation,
and then basically anything outside that box will be removed.
You can have this new point cloud that contains only points inside that box.
So here is showing what
the results would look like after you've filled in the function called filter cloud.
You have these mystery parameters and these
will be things that we'll be experimenting with.
So these question marks here are actually just some X,
Y, Z for defining the box.
Then here we have our grid size.
Then one last thing that kind of talk about is,
we also have this optional thing
of trying to get rid of these points on
the roof and we'll probably talk about that in the solution.
But for right now, just see if you can go ahead and apply that voxel grid first of all,
and then see if you can also get that region based cropping working as well.
So using that PCL crop box.
So that's going to be inside the process point clouds function here,
and it's defining this filter cloud.
Then once you have that filter cloud function filled in,
you can go ahead and call it in main,
and see if you can down sample your point cloud,
so it has fewer points.